        Animal Farm
You should be familiar with encapsulation already. For this problem, you’ll be working with the Animal Farm
project. It contains a class Chicken. Chicken contains several fields, a constructor, several properties and several
methods. Your task is to encapsulate or hide anything that is not intended to be viewed or modified from outside
the class.

Step 1. Encapsulate Fields
Fields should be private. Leaving fields open for modification from outside the class is potentially dangerous. Make
all fields in the Chicken class private.
In case the value inside a field is needed elsewhere, use getters to reveal it.

Step 2. Ensure Classes Have a Correct State
Having getters and setters is useless if you don’t actually use them. The Chicken constructor modifies the fields
directly which is wrong when there are suitable setters available. Modify the constructor to fix this issue.

Step 3. Validate Data Properly
Validate the chicken’s name (it cannot be null, empty or whitespace). In case of invalid name, print exception
message: &quot;Name cannot be empty.&quot; .
Validate the age properly, minimum and maximum age are provided, make use of them. In case of invalid age, print
exception message: &quot;Age should be between 0 and 15.&quot; .
Don’t forget to handle properly the possibly thrown exceptions.

Step 4. Hide Internal Logic
If a method is intended to be used only by descendant classes or internally to perform some action, there is no point
in keeping them public. The CalculateProductPerDay() method is used by the ProductPerDay public getter. This
means the method can safely be hidden inside the Chicken class by declaring it private.

Step 5. Submit Code to Judge
Submit your code as a zip file in Judge. Zip everything except the bin and obj folders within the project and submit
the single zip file in judge.

Examples
Input :

Mara
10

Output : 

Chicken Mara (age 10) can produce 1 eggs per
day.


Input :

Mara
17

Output : 

Age should be between 0 and 15.